Add readme (#1)
mdellweg/saftladen: README.md

# Saftladen

> [zaftˈlaːdn̩] Juice store; slightly disrespectful term used to describe a facility with bad organization or poor service

Reviewer: s/disrespectful/impolite

Reviewer 2: I think "slightly disorganized" catches the meaning of how that term is most commonly used quite well.

Reviewer: you guys know better ;) , i'd just rather avoid `disrespectful` word, imo

Author: After consulting the dictionary another time, i think "disparaging" has the most fitting german translations. Nuances in language are so hard... 
```suggestion
[zaftˈlaːdn̩] Juice store; disparaging term used to describe a facility with bad organization or poor service
```

Reviewer 2: Rereading the full sentence, perhaps something like:
```
[zaftˈlaːdn̩] Juice store; a term often applied to arbitrary shops or establishments to imply that they are run in a somewhat disorganized or amateurish fashion.
```

Author: Sorry, i was a little too fast here... Are you willing to open a PR? Also I am sure there is a lot that can be added to the README from experience once someone actually starts adding new casts.

> This repository is a bundle of scripts to generate asciinema demos for pulp topics without life user interaction.

Reviewer: s/life/live

Author: ```suggestion
This repository is a bundle of scripts to generate asciinema demos for pulp topics without live user interaction.
```
